# Happy Monday everybody! :sunny:

I'm not afraid to admit that I made a lot of assumptions when starting out on this project.
At a certain point on Friday I wanted to really hone in on the infrastructure of the project to make sure I was using the best components for the job.  I wanted to take out some assumptions of how I'd display the data and decided to not create a custom dashboard solution.  I'll list out an overview of the new tech stack I've come up with.

## In addition to development setup overhaul
- I created some hypothesis of how I'd be able to find certain types of transactional patterns.
  - e.g.  How can I find transactions that have been frontrun?
- I created a lists of metrics that may be useful to capture
- I'll be formalizing these notes in the project documentations

## Today I will
- Meet with @Dave to discuss the project, some Ideas i've written down, and I'd like to get some general feedback
- Pull in some data so I can create some dashboards/charts in my superset instance

## The tech stack looks like this now:

### Apache Airflow
- For task scheduling
- Created a custom container image
- local volume mounts to DAG and Log directories

### TimescaleDB
- Built on top of postgres database
- Major performance improvements related to time series data (comparison)
- Better scalability options out of box vs Postgres replication or Postgres-XL instance
- Drop in replacement for postgres
- Created a custom container image

### Apache SuperSet
- I heard that you all used it, and after checking it out over the weekend, now I use it too!
- Created a custom container image
- I like how superset's frontend is maintained with Typescript and React. I'm very comfortable with both Typescript and React.

### PgAdmin 4
- Self-Hosted DB management and query tool
- Using a pre-existing container image

### Fedora Linux Development Server
- Digital Ocean Virtual Server
- I'm using it to self-host live versions of my solution
- I'm very familiar with Self management of Linux servers and application containers
- With enough time I'd use Ansible playbooks to orchestrate continuous deployment functions

### NGINX
- Used as a reverse proxy to all of my self-hosted components
- I've set up a public sub domain that I'll use to share my demos with you all
- Installed directly on the fedora server for ease of management and adhoc configuration

## Reference
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wGBilgN-KHo
- https://dune.com/browse/dashboards
- https://rekt.news/
- https://open.spotify.com/show/3vuV292Him90EjQ5YL4XIw